Don’t forget to commit early & often! You can reference the Commit Message lesson!

Download the full design image and take a look at what you’re going to be creating. Some fonts, colors and sizes are as follows (feel free to use your own if you wish):
Font: Roboto (you will need to download and install this font if you don’t already have it)
Dark background color (header, hero section and footer): #1F2937
Logo text:
Font size: 24px
Color: #F9FAF8
Hero section main text (“This website is awesome”):
Font size: 48px
Color: #F9FAF8
Weight: 900
Hero secondary text (“This website has some subtext…”) and header links:
Font size: 18px
Color: #E5E7EB
Button and “Call to action” background color: #3882F6
Information heading:
Font size: 36px
Color: #1F2937
Weight: 900
Quote:
Background color: #E5E7EB
Font size: 36px
Color: #1F2937
Weight: 300
Font style: italic
There are many ways to tackle a project like this, and it can be overwhelming to look at a blank HTML document and not know where to start. Our suggestion: take it one section at a time. The website you’re creating has 4 main sections (and a footer), so pick one and get it into pretty good shape before moving on. Starting at the top is always a solid plan.
For the section you’re working on, begin by getting all the content onto the page before beginning to style it. In other words, do the HTML and then do the CSS. You’ll probably have to go back to the HTML once you start styling, but bouncing back and forth from the beginning will take more time and may cause more frustration. (Note: you don’t need to use more than one stylesheet. Using only one CSS file is adequate for this project).
Many of the elements on this page are very similar to things you saw in our flexbox exercises… feel free to go back to those if you need a refresher.
You do not need to make this project responsive. That means you don’t have to adjust your design for different screen sizes, zoom levels, or mobile devices. For now, just focus on making it look good on a regular computer screen. You’ll learn how to handle different screen sizes later.
When you finish, don’t forget to push it up to GitHub!
